here we go I've already healed up
everybody and we're ready to go I have
killed this thing twice so I'm gonna
hope I don't I don't kill it now cuz if
I kill I know I'm gonna pull my hair out
and film I didn't end up hospital a
customer does this thing really should
not be giving you that much type of
effect now I'm gonna I'm gonna hope to
freeze it with I'm gonna keep I'm gonna
ice beam it to death but it's gonna
start the floor apart
so once I get it down to the sugar bread
I'm going to continue recording after
that so be honest the sale is and you
can't process because it really is going
okay start sir Donnie just for Iceland
I'm gonna just not even try to record it
afterwards it just should be enough to
catch it but I'm not for sure I'm just
gonna keep throwing the pokeballs at it
and feels I'll catch it in about five or
so pokeballs and I'll just switch to the
old four balls because I'm not gonna say
here's how I try to fight this thing for
110 years okay and it just it really
annoys me because it always uses roar of
time and it's just sitting there wasting
his roar of times ever it could be doing
something else but Donna is about 48
plagues so I'm gonna I'm not gonna
healed on this turn I'm gonna heal him
heal her next turn and progress from
there
I'm taking this turn to heal up dawn
because she is not getting ready to die
so I really desperately need to heal her
cuz that's another war of timing that
things are somewhere it's got five war
of times they can just anything after
that runs out of war times I should be
okay but yeah it she's through it was so
far I've got two more lot of times to
deal with before this thing ends up
running out okay so that did over half
but the good thing is it gives me two it
gives me one turn to cut your pokes just
throw a Pokeball at it try to catch it
and it gives me one other time to heal
which is really nice it's just not funny
it's just not gonna get caught it's not
gonna get to get caught with the
pokeball so I'm yeah I'm going to throw
an ultra ball at it and hope to catch it
sorry guys I tried to put a pokeball but
it's super Skarmory this makes it look
so easy catching coconut alright
I caught it point annoying idiot brother
will doesn't know how to be quiet
um now I don't want to nickname it ok so
you've just caught dialga the legendary
Pokemon and I'm gonna tell you about
about Palkia now Palkia is water dragon
also on level 47 and it knows water
pulse Dragon Claw ancient power and it's
big one special Rin which is really more
of a pain than the roar of time to be
honest with you but if you go back here
you might have seen this in the big old
action scene it's the adamant or if
you're playing per her you'll get a
lustrous oil and that boosts the power
of dialga or PAL ki has attacks
Dialga is a very good legendary to have
if you're planning on beating the game
but if you're looking for a good
legendary he's pretty decent but you
don't have to have him to beat the game
so don't let that get into your head you
have to have
in order to beat the game let's go let's
go take a look at this Tiago so I'm
gonna go ahead and fly on over chi the
actual city of Hartung Park home city
let's check out our newly cut the other
okay so let's just go ahead there is our
legendary Pokemon it Dialga still dragon
its brave nature which I think boosts
its attack and lowers that speed I might
for short on the nature thing huh look
look it up for you it's not very fast
but it's got a really good defense and
it's got really good special attack as
well roar Oh time is doing so much to
the dawn yeah so there's the I'll go for
you so yeah anyway that's it guys and
thanks for watching
I'll show you I'm gonna show you guys
our our trainer card and then if you go
on the bottom screen you can see all the
gym leaders if you touch this you'll see
your badges and you can shine your
badges if you wanted to going like this
but you really don't have to that's just
something random I thought I'd show in
the video anyway that date on that's
wrong it's the best date I had my D s
set on so anyway and that's pretty much
it guys that's all I have to show and
let's go ahead and look let's get rid of
that HS Lee yeah we don't need him
where's my rose raid over there is there
she is get rid of the barrel and we
don't really need him and that wraps up
this part of my Pokemon Diamond and
Pearl walkthroughs thank you guys for a
lot